Add coordinator example for PARALLEL_UPDATES in IQS (#2482)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/integration-quality-scale/rules/parallel-updates.md

        ...
```

`sensor.py`
```python {1,2} showLineNumbers
# Coordinator is used to centralize the data updates
PARALLEL_UPDATES = 0

class MySensor(CoordinatorEntity, SensorEntity):
    """Representation of a sensor."""

    def __init__(self, device: Device) -> None:
        """Initialize the sensor."""
        ...
```

:::info
When using a coordinator, you are already centralizing the data updates.
This means that usually only the action calls will be relevant to consider for setting the number of parallel updates.
:::

## Additional resources

> For more information about request parallelism, check the [documentation](../../../../integration_fetching_data#request-parallelism) for it.

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about request parallelism, check the [documentation](../../../integration_fetching_data#request-parallelism) for it.
```

        ...
```

`sensor.py`
```python {1,2} showLineNumbers
# Coordinator is used to centralize the data updates
PARALLEL_UPDATES = 0

class MySensor(CoordinatorEntity, SensorEntity):
    """Representation of a sensor."""

    def __init__(self, device: Device) -> None:
        """Initialize the sensor."""
        ...
```

:::info
When using a coordinator, you are already centralizing the data updates.

> This means that usually only the action calls will be relevant to consider for setting the number of parallel updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means you can set `PARALLEL_UPDATES = 0` for read-only platforms (`binary_sensor`, `sensor`, `device_tracker`, `event`) and only the action calls will be relevant to consider for setting an appropriate number of parallel updates.
```
I would state it even more explicitly
